DOC-9350 Docs for Log export to Azure Monitor supported for Dedicated Azure clusters (Enable section) (#18607)
cockroachdb/docs: src/current/cockroachcloud/export-logs.md

	1. Visit the CockroachDB {{ site.data.products.cloud }} console [cluster page](https://cockroachlabs.cloud/clusters).
	1. Click on the name of your cluster.
	1. Find your cluster ID in the URL of the single cluster overview page: `https://cockroachlabs.cloud/cluster/{your_cluster_id}/overview`.

1. [Create a Log Analytics workspace in Azure Portal](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/azure-monitor/logs/quick-create-workspace?tabs=azure-portal).

    1. Navigate to the Log Analytics workspace. Under **Settings**, click **Agents**.
    1. Click **Log Analytics agent instructions** section header.
    1. In that section, note the values for **Workspace ID**, **Primary key** (or **Secondary key**)

1. Use one of the following Cloud API commands to enable log export for your CockroachDB {{ site.data.products.dedicated }} cluster. The first presents a basic configuration, where all logs are sent to Azure Monitor using the default settings. The second allows for more detailed customization of the logging configuration, such as the ability to send certain log channels to specific target log tables, or the ability to redact sensitive log entries.

>    1. To enable log export for your CockroachDB {{ site.data.products.dedicated }} cluster with default logging configuration, issue the following Cloud API command:

Reviewer: I would have this as an unordered markdown list `-` and add an anchor link like 

```
- <a id="default-logging-configuration"></a>To enable log export for....
```

Author: added Default heading

        {% include_cached copy-clipboard.html %}
        ~~~shell
        curl --request POST \
          --url https://cockroachlabs.cloud/api/v1/clusters/{cluster_id}/logexport \
          --header "Authorization: Bearer {secret_key}" \
          --data '{"type": "AZURE_LOG_ANALYTICS", "log_name": "{log_prefix}", "auth_principal": "{workspace_id}", "azure_shared_key": "{primary_or_secondary_key}"}'
        ~~~

        Where:

>         - `{cluster_id}` is your CockroachDB {{ site.data.products.dedicated }} cluster ID as determined in step 1.

Author: Replaced "step 1" or "step 2" with "as previously noted". Anchor links do not work inside of a filter section.

        - `{secret_key}` is your CockroachDB {{ site.data.products.dedicated }} API key. See [API Access]({% link cockroachcloud/managing-access.md %}) for instructions on generating this key.
        - `{log_prefix}` is a user-specified prefix for the table that will be created in the Log Analytics workspace.
        - `{auth_principal}` is the ID for the Log Analytics workspace, **Workspace ID** from step 2.

>         - `{azure_shared_key}` is the **Primary key** or **Secondary key** from step 2.

Author: Modified so lists appear correctly as unordered.

>    1. To enable log export for your CockroachDB {{ site.data.products.dedicated }} cluster with custom logging configuration:

Reviewer: I would have this as an unordered markdown list - and add an anchor link like: 

```
- <a id="custom-logging-configuration"></a>To enable log export for....
```

Reviewer: Then the `a,b,c` procedure for the custom configuration will not be nested under `b`.

Author: Added Custom heading. Modified so unordered list is rendered correctly with bullets.

>         1. Consult the log export entry on the [CockroachDB {{ site.data.products.cloud }} API Reference](https://www.cockroachlabs.com/docs/api/cloud/v1.html#post-/api/v1/clusters/-cluster_id-/logexport) and select the **Schema** tab to view the supported log configuration options, and determine the customized logging configuration you would like to use.

Reviewer: Similarly to one of the previous comments, I would change the markdown here. Double nested `a,b,c` gets kind of confusing.

Author: Modified so that there are no nested ordered lists.

>         1. Consult the log export entry on the [CockroachDB {{ site.data.products.cloud }} API Reference](https://www.cockroachlabs.com/docs/api/cloud/v1.html#post-/api/v1/clusters/-cluster_id-/logexport) and select the **Schema** tab to view the supported log configuration options, and determine the customized logging configuration you would like to use.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        1. Consult the log export entry on the [CockroachDB {{ site.data.products.cloud }} API Reference](https://www.cockroachlabs.com/docs/api/cloud/v1.html#post-/api/v1/clusters/-cluster_id-/logexport) to determine the customized logging configuration you would like to use. Select the **Schema** tab under the **Response** section to view the supported log configuration options. 
```

What do you think about switching those sentences around so the reader knows why they are going to the API Reference before telling them what tab to select?

Also, added "Response" section, as the **Schema** tab in the API Reference is pretty small and hard to find on first glance.

Author: Thank you for pointing this out! I updated the sentence using "Request" section.

            {% include_cached copy-clipboard.html %}
            ~~~json
            {
             "type": "AZURE_LOG_ANALYTICS",
             "log_name": "default",
             "auth_principal": "{workspace_id}",
             "azure_shared_key": "{primary_or_secondary_key}",
             "redact": true,
             "region": "",
             "omitted_channels": [ "SESSIONS", "SQL_PERF"],
             "groups": [
                     {
                         "log_name": "sql",
                         "channels": ["SQL_SCHEMA", "SQL_EXEC"],
                         "redact": false
                     },
                     {
                         "log_name": "devops",
                         "channels": ["OPS", "HEALTH", "STORAGE"],
                         "min_level": "WARNING"
                     }
             ]
            }
            ~~~

            This configuration:
            - Enables [redaction](https://www.cockroachlabs.com/docs/{{site.current_cloud_version}}/configure-logs#redact-logs) globally for all log entries emitted to Azure Monitor.
            - Does not send log entries in the `SESSIONS` and `SQL_PERF` logging channels.

>             - Sends log entries in the `SQL_SCHEMA` and `SQL_EXEC` [logging channels](https://www.cockroachlabs.com/docs/{{site.current_cloud_version}}/logging-overview#logging-channels) to an Azure Monitor log table prefixed with `sql`, and overrides (disables) the global redaction configuration for just these two log channels only.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
            - Sends log entries in the `SQL_SCHEMA` and `SQL_EXEC` [logging channels](https://www.cockroachlabs.com/docs/{{site.current_cloud_version}}/logging-overview#logging-channels) to an Azure Monitor log table prefixed with `sql`, and overrides (disables) the global redaction configuration for only these two log channels.
```

I think you could use "just" or "only".

            - Sends log entries in the `OPS`, `HEALTH`, and `STORAGE` [logging channels](https://www.cockroachlabs.com/docs/{{site.current_cloud_version}}/logging-overview#logging-channels) to an Azure Monitor log table prefixed with `devops`, but only for those entries that are of log [severity level](/docs/{{site.current_cloud_version}}/logging.html#logging-levels-severities) `WARNING` or higher.
            - Sends log entries in all other [logging channels](#what-log-channels-are-supported) to the Azure Monitor log table prefixed with `default`.

>         1. Once you have determined the configuration you'd like to use, edit the configuration to be a single line, the required form for passing to the configuration command in the next step. To accomplish this easily, use a third party minifier, such as [json minifier](https://jsonformatter.org/json-minify). The above configuration becomes the following single line, suitable for the next step's `POST` command:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        1. Once you have determined the configuration you'd like to use, edit the configuration to be a single line, the required form for passing to the configuration command in the next step. To accomplish this, you can use a third-party minifier, such as [json minifier](https://jsonformatter.org/json-minify). The example configuration becomes the following single line, suitable for the next step's `POST` command:
```

You could also use "preceding configuration example". Best to avoid directional language for accessibility.

            {% include_cached copy-clipboard.html %}
            ~~~json
            {"type":"AZURE_LOG_ANALYTICS","log_name":"default","auth_principal":"{workspace_id}","azure_shared_key":"{primary_or_secondary_key}","redact":true,"region":"","omitted_channels":["SESSIONS","SQL_PERF"],"groups":[{"log_name":"sql","channels":["SQL_SCHEMA","SQL_EXEC"],"redact":false},{"log_name":"devops","channels":["OPS","HEALTH","STORAGE"],"min_level":"WARNING"}]}
            ~~~

>         1. Then, to enable log export for your CockroachDB {{ site.data.products.dedicated }} cluster with the above example custom logging configuration, issue the following Cloud API command:

Reviewer: Not a big deal, but you could remove "Then" as per the [style](https://github.com/cockroachdb/docs/blob/main/StyleGuide.md#use-ordered-lists-when-there-are-multiple-steps-in-a-section).

```suggestion
        1. To enable log export for your CockroachDB {{ site.data.products.dedicated }} cluster with the example custom logging configuration, issue the following Cloud API command:
```

            {% include_cached copy-clipboard.html %}
            ~~~shell
            curl --request POST \
              --url https://cockroachlabs.cloud/api/v1/clusters/{cluster_id}/logexport \
              --header "Authorization: Bearer {secret_key}" \
              --data '{"type":"AZURE_LOG_ANALYTICS","log_name":"default","auth_principal":"{workspace_id}","azure_shared_key":"{primary_or_secondary_key}","redact":true,"region":"","omitted_channels":["SESSIONS","SQL_PERF"],"groups":[{"log_name":"sql","channels":["SQL_SCHEMA","SQL_EXEC"],"redact":false},{"log_name":"devops","channels":["OPS","HEALTH","STORAGE"],"min_level":"WARNING"}]}'
            ~~~

            Where:

>             - `{cluster_id}` is your CockroachDB {{ site.data.products.dedicated }} cluster ID as determined in step 1.

Reviewer: Note to check out the rendering on this list, they are `a,b,c` in the preview.

Author: Modified so unordered lists render correctly.

            - `{secret_key}` is your CockroachDB {{ site.data.products.dedicated }} API key. See [API Access]({% link cockroachcloud/managing-access.md %}) for instructions on generating this key.
            - `{auth_principal}` is the ID for the Log Analytics workspace, **Workspace ID** from step 2.

>             - `{azure_shared_key}` is the **Primary key** or **Secondary key** from step 2.

Reviewer: The same comments apply here as per the previous iteration of this.

Author: Modified so unordered lists rendered correctly.
